Add total wait time to thread pool in nodes stats (#5120)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/nodes-apis/nodes-stats.md

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
nodeId | String | A comma-separated list of nodeIds used to filter results. Supports [node filters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/nodes-apis/index/#node-filters). Defaults to `_all`.

> metric | String | A comma-separated list of metric groups that will be included in the response. For example, `jvm,fs`. See the following list of all index metrics. Defaults to all metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metric | String | A comma-separated list of metric groups that are included in the response. For example, `jvm,fs`. See the following list of all index metrics. Defaults to all metrics.
```

> index_metric | String | A comma-separated list of index metric groups that will be included in the response. For example, `docs,store`. See the following list of all index metrics. Defaults to all index metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index_metric | String | A comma-separated list of index metric groups that are included in the response. For example, `docs,store`. See the following list of all index metrics. Defaults to all index metrics.
```

rejected | Integer | The number of tasks that have been rejected.
largest | Integer | The peak number of threads in the pool.
completed | Integer | The number of tasks completed.

> total_wait_time | Integer | The total time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue.

Reviewer 2: Not all `thread_pool`s support this metric today -- only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread_pools support it. Not sure what the right place to mention this (if at all) is

> total_wait_time | Integer | The total time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue.

Author: ```suggestion
total_wait_time | Integer | The total time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue. Currently, only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread pools support this parameter.
```

Reviewer 2: `parameter` -> `metric`

> total_wait_time | Integer | The total time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue. Currently, only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread pools support this metric.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
total_wait_time | Integer | The total amount of time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue. Currently, only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread pools support this metric.
```

> total_wait_time | Integer | The total time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue. Currently, only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread pools support this parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
total_wait_time | Integer | The total time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue. Currently, only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread pools support this metric.
```

> total_wait_time | Integer | The total amount of time tasks spent waiting in the thread pool queue. Currently, only `search`, `search_throttled`, and `index_searcher` thread pools support this metric.

Reviewer 4: @kolchfa-aws @jed326 We are saying that this is supported for `search` threadpool but in the example above it is showing up for `ad-batch-task-threadpool` and `OPENSEARCH_ML_TASK_THREAD_POOL`. So either we add search threadpool stats in above example with this new metric or remove the new metric from those threadpool

total.time_in_millis | Integer | The total amount of time for preprocessing ingest documents, in milliseconds.
total.current | Integer | The total number of documents that are currently being ingested by the node.
total.failed | Integer | The total number of failed ingestions for the node.

> pipelines | Object | Ingest pipeline statistics for the node. Each pipeline is a nested object specified by its ID with the following properties.

Reviewer 3: Should "with" be "and has", as on line 1108?
